[page 0]
 [source]:
III. The Types of Authority and Imperative

Co-ordination

I. THE BASIS OF LEGITIMACY?*

1: Tue Derinrrion, Conpitions, AnD TyPEs oF IMPERATIVE CONTROL

‘Imperative co-ordination’ was defined above? as the probability that cer-
tain specific commands (or all commands) from a given source will be
obeyed by a given group of persons. It thus does not include every mode
of exercising ‘power’ or ‘influence’ over other persons. The motives of
obedience to commands in this sense can rest on considerations varying
over a wide range from case to case; all the way from simple habitua-
tion to the most purely rational calculation of advantage. A criterion of
every true relation of imperative control, however, is a certain minimum
of voluntary submission; thus an interest (based on ulterior motives or
genuine acceptance) in obedience.

Not every case of imperative co-ordination makes use of economic
means; still less does it always have economic objectives. But normally
(not always) the imperative co-ordination of the action of a considerable
number of men requires control of a staff of persons.’ It is necessary, that
is, that there should be a relatively high probability that the action of a
definite, supposedly reliable group of persons will be primarily oriented
to the execution of the supreme authority’s general policy and specific
commands,

The members of the administrative staff may be bound to obedience

1In this chapter Weber departs from his previous pracuce and, in addition to the usual

division into numbered sections, has a system of somewhat more comprehensive subdivi-
sions These will be designated by capital letters.—Ep.

2Chap. i, p. 152. The translation problem raised by the term Herrschaft was com-
mented upon at that point—Ep.
3 An ‘administrative staff.’ See chap. i, 12.

324

 [target]:
三、 权威和命令的类型
协调
一、 合法性的基础？*
1： 星期二，祈使控制的概念和类型
“强制性协调”是在上面定义的吗？当cer-
来自给定源的特定命令（或所有命令）将
由特定人群服从的。因此，它并不包括所有模式
对他人行使“权力”或“影响”。犯罪动机
从这个意义上讲，服从命令可以基于不同的考虑
从一个案例到另一个案例的广泛范围；从简单的习惯一直到-
以最纯粹的理性计算优势。标准
然而，命令控制的每一个真正的关系都是某个最小值
自愿服从的；因此利益（基于别有用心的动机或动机）
（真正的接受）服从。
并非每一种必要的协调都会利用经济因素
手段；更不用说它总是有经济目标。但通常情况下
（并非总是）相当大的一个国家行动的必要协调
人的数量需要控制一支人的队伍
是的，应该有一个相对较高的概率
明确的，本应可靠的人群将主要面向
执行最高当局的总方针和具体政策
命令，
行政人员有服从的义务
在这一章中，韦伯脱离了他以前的做法，除了通常的
划分为编号的部分，有一个更全面的细分系统-
这些字母将用大写字母表示。
第一章，第152页。Herrschaft一词引起的翻译问题是com-
在那一点上被强调了。
3“行政人员”。见第一章，12。
324

[page 1]
 [source]:
THE BASIS OF LEGITIMACY 325

to their superior (or superiors) by custom, by affectual ties, by a purely
material complex of interests, or by ideal (wertrational) motives. Purely
material interests and calculations of advantage as the basis of solidarity
between the chief and his administrative staff result, in this as in other
connexions, in a relatively unstable situation, Normally other elements,
affectual and ideal, supplement such interests. In certain exceptional, tem-
porary cases the former may be alone decisive. In everyday routine life
these relationships, like others, are governed by custom and in addition,
material calculation of advantage. But these factors, custom and personal
advantage, purely affectual or ideal motives of solidarity, do not, even
taken together, form a sufficiently reliable basis for a system of impera-
tive co-ordination. In addition there is normally a further element, the
belief in legitimacy.

It is an induction from experience that no system of authority volun-
tarily limits itself to the appeal to material or affectual or ideal motives
as a basis for guaranteeing its continuance. In addition every such system
attempts to establish and to cultivate the belief in its ‘legitimacy.’ But
according to the kind of legitimacy which is claimed, the type of obedi-
ence, the kind of administrative staff developed to guarantee it, and the
mode of exercising authority, will all differ fundamentally, Equally fun-
damental is the variation in effect. Hence, it is useful to classify the types
of authority according to the kind of claim to legitimacy typically made
by each. In doing this it is best to start from modern and therefore more
familiar examples.

1. The choice of this rather than some other basis of classification can
only be justified by its results. The fact that certain other typical criteria
of variation are thereby neglected for the time being and can only be
introduced at a later stage is not a decisive difficulty. The ‘legitimacy’ of
a system of authority has far more than a merely ‘ideal’ significance, if
only because it has very definite relations to the legitimacy of property.

2. Not every ‘claim’ which is protected by custom or by law should
be spoken of as involving a relation of authority. Otherwise the worker,
in his claim for fulfilment of the wage contract, would be exercising
‘authority’ over his employer because his claim can, on occasion, be en-
forced by order of a court. Actually his formal status is that of party to
a contractual relationship with his employer, in which he has certain
‘rights’ to receive payments. At the same time the concept of a relation
of authority naturally does not exclude the possibility that it has orig-
inated in a formally free contract. This is true of the authority of the

 [target]:
合法性的基础325
通过习俗、感情纽带、纯粹的
物质上的利益情结，或理想的动机。纯粹的
物质利益和利益计算是团结的基础
在酋长和他的行政人员之间，结果是这样的
连接，在相对不稳定的情况下，通常是其他元素，
情感和理想，补充了这种兴趣。在某些特殊情况下-
有时，只有前者起决定性作用。在日常生活中
这些关系和其他关系一样，受习俗的制约，此外，
优势物质计算。但是这些因素，习俗和个人
纯粹出于感情或理想动机的团结，即使
综合起来，就构成了帝国体系的一个足够可靠的基础-
积极协调。此外，通常还有另一个元素
对合法性的信仰。
这是一个经验的归纳，没有系统的权力沃伦-
迟钝地把自己局限于对物质、情感或理想动机的诉求
作为保证其持续性的基础。此外，每个这样的系统
试图建立和培养对其“合法性”的信念
根据所声称的合法性，奥贝迪的类型-
为保证这一点而发展的管理人员，以及
行使权力的方式，都会有根本的不同，同样有趣-
达门塔尔是效果上的变化。因此，对这些类型进行分类是很有用的
根据通常对合法性的要求来定义权威
每个人。在这样做的时候，最好从现代开始，因此更多
熟悉的例子。
1选择这个而不是其他的分类依据可以
只有通过它的结果才是合理的。其他一些典型的标准
因此，变化的可能性暂时被忽略，只能
后期引进并不是一个决定性的难点。法律的“合法性”
一个权威体系远不止是一个“理想”的意义，如果
只是因为它与财产的合法性有着非常明确的关系。
2并不是每一个受习俗或法律保护的“权利要求”都应该得到保护
被说成涉及权力关系。否则工人，
在他要求履行工资合同时，他将行使
他对雇主的“权威”，因为他的要求有时会被忽略-
被法庭命令强迫的。实际上，他的正式身份是政党
与雇主的合同关系，其中他有
收到付款的“权利”。同时关系的概念
权威的权威性自然不排除它有起源的可能性-
在正式的自由合同中。政府的权威是这样的

[page 2]
 [source]:
326 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

employer over the worker as manifested in the former’s rules and instruc-
tions regarding the work process; and also of the authority of a feudal
lord over a vassal who has freely entered into the relation of fealty. That
subjection to military discipline is formally ‘involuntary’ while that to
the discipline of the factory is voluntary does not alter the fact that the
latter is also a case of subjection to authority. The position of a bureau-
cratic official is also entered into by contract and can be freely resigned,
and even the status of ‘subject’ can often be freely entered into and (in
certain circumstances) freely repudiated. Only in the limiting case of
the slave is formal subjection to authority absolutely involuntary.

Another case, in some respects related, is that of economic ‘power’
based on monopolistic position; that is, in this case, the possibility of
‘dictating’ the terms of exchange to contractual partners. This will not,
taken by itself, be considered to constitute ‘authority’ any more than any
other kind of ‘influence’ which is derived from some kind of superiority,
as by virtue of erotic attractiveness, skill in sport or in discussion. Even
if a big bank is in a position to force other banks into a cartel arrange-
ment, this will not alone be sufficient to justify calling it a relation of
imperative co-ordination. But if there is an immediate relation of com-
mand and obedience such that the management of the first bank can give
orders to the others with the claim that they shall, and the probability that
they will, be obeyed purely as such regardless of particular content, and
if their carrying out is supervised, it is another matter. Naturally, here
as everywhere the transitions are gradual; there are all sorts of inter-
mediate steps between mere indebtedness and debt slavery. Even the posi-
tion of a ‘salon’ can come very close to the borderline of authoritarian
domination and yet not necessarily constitute a system of authority.
Sharp differentiation in concrete fact is often impossible, but this makes
clarity in the analytical distinctions all the more important.

3. Naturally, the legitimacy of a system of authority may be treated
sociologically only as the probability that to a relevant degree the appro-
priate attitudes will exist, and the corresponding practical conduct ensue.
It is by no means true that every case of submissiveness to persons in
positions of power is primarily (or even at all) oriented to this belief.
Loyalty may be hypocritically simulated by individuals or by whole
groups on purely opportunistic grounds, or carried out in practice for
reasons of material self-interest. Or people may submit from individual
weakness and helplessness because there is no acceptable alternative. But
these considerations are not decisive for the classification of types of im-

 [target]:
326权力的类型和必要的协调
雇主对工人的控制，如前者的规章制度所示-
关于工作过程的争论；以及封建社会权威的争论
领主，领主一个已经自由地进入了效忠关系的附庸。那个
服从军纪在形式上是“非自愿的”，而服从军纪则是“非自愿的”
工厂的纪律是自愿的，这并不能改变
后者也是服从权威的情况。局的职位-
政府官员也是通过合同签订的，可以自由辞职，
甚至“主体”的地位也可以自由地进入和（在
（在某些情况下）自由拒绝。只有在极限情况下
奴隶在形式上服从权威，绝对是非自愿的。
另一个相关的例子是经济“力量”
基于垄断地位；也就是说，在这种情况下
向合同合作伙伴“口授”交换条款。不会的，
就其本身而言，被认为比任何
另一种来自某种优势的“影响力”，
由于性爱的吸引力，运动或讨论中的技巧。甚至
如果一家大银行有能力迫使其他银行加入卡特尔，那么-
但是，仅此一点还不足以证明这是一种
必要的协调。但如果有直接的联系-
命令和服从，以便第一银行的管理层能够给予
向其他人发出命令，要求他们
无论具体内容如何，它们都将被完全遵守，并且
如果他们的执行受到监督，那就另当别论了。当然，在这里
因为每个地方的过渡都是渐进的；有各种各样的相互影响-
在负债和债务奴役之间进行调解。即使是波西-
一个“沙龙”的定义可以非常接近独裁的边界
但不一定构成一个权威体系。
在具体的事实上进行尖锐的区分通常是不可能的，但这使得
分析区别的清晰性更为重要。
三。当然，一个权威体系的合法性可能会受到对待
从社会学角度看，只有在一定程度上-
傲慢的态度将会存在，相应的实际行为也随之产生。
决不是每一个顺从他人的案例都是真实的
权力的立场主要（甚至完全）是以这种信念为导向的。
忠诚可能被个人或整体虚伪地模仿
纯粹以机会主义为理由的团体，或在实践中为
物质私利的原因。或者人们可以从个人
软弱和无助，因为没有可接受的选择。但是
这些考虑对于im类型的分类不是决定性的-

[page 3]
 [source]:
THE BASIS OF LEGITIMACY 327

perative co-ordination. What is important is the fact that in a given
case the particular claim to legitimacy is to a significant degree and
according to its type treated as ‘valid’; that this fact confirms the position
of the persons claiming authority and that it helps to determine the choice
of means of its exercise.

Furthermore a system of imperative co-ordination may—as often occurs
in practice—be so completely assured of dominance, on the one hand by
the obvious community of interests between the chief and his adminis-
trative staff as opposed to the subjects (bodyguards, Pretorians, ‘red’ or
‘white’ guards), on the other hand by the helplessness of the latter, that
it can afford to drop even the pretence of a claim to legitimacy. But even
then the mode of legitimation of the relation between chief and his staff
may vary widely according to the type of basis of the relation of authority
between them, and, as will be shown, this variation is highly significant
for the structure of imperative co-ordination.

4. ‘Obedience’ will be taken to mean that the action of the person
obeying follows in essentials such a course that the content of the com-
mand may be taken to have become the basis of action for its own sake.
Furthermore, the fact that it is so taken is referable only to the formal
obligation, without regard to the actor’s own attitude to the value or lack
of value of the content of the command as such.

5. Subjectively, the causal sequence may vary, especially as between
‘submission’ and ‘sympathetic agreement.’ This distinction is not, how-
ever, significant for the present classification of types of authority.

6. The scope of determination of social relationships and cultural phe-
nomena by authority and imperative co-ordination is considerably broader
than appears at first sight. For instance, the authority exercised in the
school has much to do with the determination of the forms of speech
and of written language which are regarded as orthodox. The official
languages of autonomous political units, hence of their ruling groups,
have often become in this sense orthodox forms of speech and writing
and have even led to the formation of separate ‘nations’ (for instance,
the separation of Holland from Germany). The authority of parents and
of the school, however, extends far beyond the determination of such
cultural patterns which are perhaps only apparently formal, to the forma-
tion of the character of the young, and hence of human beings generally.

7. The fact that the chief and his administrative staff often appear
formally as servants or agents of those they rule, naturally does nothing
whatever to disprove the authoritarian character of the relationship. There

 [target]:
合法性的基础327
操作协调。重要的是事实上
在这种情况下，对合法性的特殊要求在很大程度上
根据其类型被视为'有效'；这一事实证实了立场
以及它有助于决定选择
它的运动方式。
此外，必要的协调制度也可能经常出现
在实践中，一方面，一方面
酋长和他的行政官员之间明显的利益共同体-
与受试者（保镖、比勒陀利亚人、“红色”或
‘白’卫兵），另一方面是被后者的无奈，那
它甚至可以放下要求合法性的借口。但即使
其次是首长与幕僚关系的合法化模式
根据权力关系的基础类型可能有很大的不同
在它们之间，并且，如将要显示的，这种变化是非常显著的
对于结构的协调势在必行。
4“服从”指的是人的行为
服从在本质上遵循这样一个过程，即com的内容-
为了自身的利益，命令可能被视为行动的基础。
此外，采取这种做法的事实只能参考正式法律
义务，不考虑行为人自身对价值的态度或缺失
命令内容本身的价值。
5主观上，因果顺序可能不同，特别是在
“服从”和“同情的同意”。这种区别不是，怎么回事-
对目前的权力类型分类有重要意义。
6社会关系和文化现象的确定范围-
通过权威和必要的协调，nomena的范围要广得多
比第一眼看到的要多。例如，在
学校与语言形式的确定有很大关系
以及被认为是正统的书面语言。官员
自治政治单位的语言，也就是他们的统治集团的语言，
从这个意义上说，他们经常成为正统的语言和写作形式
甚至导致了独立的“国家”的形成（例如，
荷兰从德国分离）。父母的权威
然而，这所学校的发展远远超出了这样的决心
可能只是表面上正式的文化模式-
年轻人性格的变化，因此也是人类性格的变化。
7局长和他的行政人员经常出现
正式地作为他们统治的人的仆人或代理人，自然什么也不做
无论用什么来反驳这种关系的独裁性质。在那里

[page 4]
 [source]:
328 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

will be occasion later to speak of the substantive features of so-called
‘democracy.’ But a certain minimum of assured power to issue commands,
thus of ‘authority,’ must be provided for in nearly every conceivable case.

2: Tue Turee Pure Tyres of Lecrrimatz AUTHORITY,

There are three pure types of legitimate authority. The validity of
their claims to legitimacy may be based on:

1. Rational grounds—resting on a belief in the ‘legality’ of patterns of
normative rules and the right of those elevated to authority under such
rules to issue commands (legal authority).

2. Traditional grounds—resting on an established belief in the sanctity
of immemorial traditions and the legitimacy of the status of those exercis-
ing authority under them (traditional authority); or finally,

3- Charismatic grounds—resting on devotion to the specific and excep-
tional sanctity, heroism or exemplary character of an individual person,
and of the normative patterns or order revealed or ordained by him
(charismatic authority).

In the case of legal authority, obedience is owed to the legally estab-
lished impersonal order. It extends to the persons exercising the authority
of office under it only by virtue of the formal legality of their commands
and only within the scope of authority of the office. In the case of tradi-
tional authority, obedience is owed to the person of the chief who
occupies the traditionally sanctioned position of authority and who is
(within its sphere) bound by tradition. But here the obligation of obedi-
ence is not based on the impersonal order, but is a matter of personal
loyalty within the area of accustomed obligations. In the case of charis-
matic authority, it is the charismatically qualified leader as such who is
obeyed by virtue of persona} trust in him and his revelation, his heroism
or his exemplary qualities so far as thev fall within the scope of the indi-
vidual’s belief in his charisma.

1. The usefulness of the above classification can only be judged by its
results in promoting systematic analysis. The concept of ‘charisma’ (‘the
gift of grace’) is taken from the vocabulary of early Christianity. For the
Christian religious organization Rudolf Sohm, in his Kirchenrecht, was
the first to clarify the substance of the concept, even though he did not
use the same terminology. Others (for instance, Hollin, Exthusiasmus
und Bussgewalt) have clarified certain important consequences of it. It
is thus nothing new.

 [target]:
328权力的类型和必要的协调
稍后将有机会谈到所谓的实质性特点
“民主”。但有一定的最低限度的权力来发布命令，
因此，在几乎所有可能的情况下，都必须提供“权威”的概念。
2： 莱克里马兹管理局的Tue Turee纯轮胎，
有三种纯粹的合法权威。有效性
他们对合法性的主张可能基于：
1理性的基础在于对犯罪模式“合法性”的信仰
规范性规则和在这种规则下被提升为权威的人的权利
发布命令的规则（法律授权）。
2基于对圣洁的既定信仰的传统基础
古代传统的合法性和这些权利的地位-
在他们的统治下（传统的统治）；或者最后，
3-基于对特定和例外的奉献的魅力基础-
个人的神圣、英雄主义或模范品格，
以及他所揭示或规定的规范模式或秩序
（魅力权威）。
在法律权威的情况下，服从是对合法财产的义务-
建立了客观的秩序。它适用于行使权力的人
只有在他们的命令正式合法的情况下，才有权在其领导下任职
只有在办公室的权限范围内。就tradi而言-
在国家权力之下，服从是对那些
占据传统上被认可的权威地位
（在其范围内）受传统的约束。但这里是奥贝迪的义务-
礼貌不是基于客观的秩序，而是个人的问题
在习惯义务范围内的忠诚。就查里斯而言-
作为一个权威，有魅力的合格领导者才是真正的权威
因为对他的信任和他的启示，他的英雄主义而服从
或者他的模范品质在印度的范围之内-
维杜尔对自己魅力的信仰。
1以上分类的有用性只能从其重要性来判断
促进系统分析。“魅力”的概念
恩典的礼物'）取自早期基督教的词汇。对于
基督教组织鲁道夫·索姆（Rudolf Sohm）在他的《基尔琴勒赫特》（Kirchenrecht）一书中写道
他首先澄清了概念的实质，尽管他没有
使用相同的术语。其他（如Hollin、Exthusiasmus）
和Bussgewalt）已经阐明了它的某些重要后果。它
因此，这不是什么新鲜事。

[page 5]
 [source]:
LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF 329

2. The fact that none of these three ideal types, the elucidation of
which will occupy the following pages, is usually to be found in historical
cases in ‘pure’ form, is naturally not a valid objection to attempting their
conceptual formulation in the sharpest possible form. In this respect the
present case is no different from many others. Later on (§11 ff.) the
transformation of pure charisma by the process of routinization will be
discussed and thereby the relevance of the concept to the understanding
of empirical systems of authority considerably increased. But even so it
may be said of every empirically historical phenomenon of authority that
it is not likely to be ‘as an open book.’ Analysis in terms of sociological
types has, after all, as compared with purely empirical historical investiga-
tion, certain advantages which should not be minimized. That is, it can
in the particular case of a concrete form of authority determine what
conforms to or approximates such types as ‘charisma,’ ‘hereditary char-
isma’ (§ 10, 11), ‘the charisma of office,’ ‘patriarchy’ (§ 7), ‘bureaucracy’
(§ 4), the authority of status groups,* and in doing so it can work with
relatively unambiguous concepts. But the idea that the whole of concrete
historical reality can be exhausted in the conceptual scheme about to be

developed is as far from the author’s thoughts as anything could be.

I. LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC
ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ®

3: Lecat Auruoriry: Tue Pure Tyre with EMPLOYMENT OF A
Bureaucratic ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF

The effectiveness of legal authority rests on the acceptance of the
validity of the following mutually inter-dependent ideas.

1. That any given legal norm may be established by agreement or by
imposition, on grounds of expediency or rational values or both, with
a claim to obedience at least on the part of the members of the corporate
gtoup. This is, however, usually extended to include all persons within
the sphere of authority or of power in question—which in the case of
territorial bodies is the territorial area—who stand in certain social rela-
tionships or carry out forms of social action which in the order govern-
ing the corporate group have been declared to be relevant.

4 Stindische. There is no really acceptable English rendering of this term.—Ep.

5 The specifically modern type of administration has intentionally been taken as a point
of departure in order to make it possible later to contrast the others with it.

 [target]:
具有官僚行政人员的法律权威329
2事实上，这三种理想类型中没有一种
它将占据以下几页，通常可以在历史文献中找到
“纯”形式的案件，自然不是对试图进行审判的有效反对
尽可能清晰的概念表述。在这方面
本案与其他许多案件并无不同。后来（§11及其后）的
通过程序化的过程来转化纯粹的个人魅力是必要的
讨论了概念与理解的相关性
权威经验体系的数量大大增加。但即便如此
可以说，每一个经验的历史现象的权威
从社会学的角度分析，它不太可能是“一本公开的书”
毕竟，与纯粹的经验历史调查相比，类型有-
某些不应被最小化的优势。也就是说，它可以
在特定情况下，具体的权力形式决定了什么
符合或接近“魅力”、“遗传特征”等类型-
isma'（§10，11），'办公室的魅力'，'父权制'（§7），'官僚制'
（§4），地位团体的权威，*在这样做时，它可以与
相对明确的概念。但是整个混凝土
历史现实可以在即将到来的概念方案中被耗尽
任何东西都离作者的思想很远。
一、 官僚主义的法律权威
行政人员®
3： Lecat Auruoriry：使用纯轮胎
官僚行政人员
法律权威的有效性取决于对法律权威的接受
下列相互依赖的观点的有效性。
1任何给定的法律规范都可以通过协议或
以权宜之计或理性价值或两者兼而有之的理由，以
至少在公司成员方面要求服从
G组。然而，这通常被扩展到包括所有人在内
在这种情况下
领土主体是指处于一定社会关系中的领土区域-
关系或进行社会行为的形式-
该集团已被宣布为相关公司。
4.讨论。这个词没有真正可以接受的英语翻译。
5特别是现代的行政管理方式被有意地作为一个要点
为了使以后能把其他人和它作比较。

[page 6]
 [source]:
330 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

2. That every body of law consists essentially in a consistent system of
abstract rules which have normally been intentionally established. Fur-
thermore, administration of law is held to consist in the application of
these rules to particular cases; the administrative process in the rational
pursuit of the interests which are specified in the order governing the
corporate group within the limits laid down by legal precepts and follow-
ing principles which are capable of generalized formulation and are
approved in the order governing the group, or at least not disapproved
in it.

3. That thus the typical person in authority occupies an ‘office.’ In the
action associated with his status, including the commands he issues to
others, he is subject to an impersonal order to which his actions are
oriented. This is true not only for persons exercising legal authority who
are in the usual sense ‘officials,’ but, for instance, for the elected president
of a state,

4. That the person who obeys authority does so, as it is usually stated,
only in his capacity as a ‘member’ of the corporate group and what he
obeys is only ‘the law.’ He may in this connexion be the member of an
association, of a territorial commune, of a church, or a citizen of a state,

5. In conformity with point 3, it is held that the members of the cor-
porate group, in so far as they obey a person in authority, do not owe
this obedience to him as an individual, but to the impersonal order.
Hence, ic follows that there is an obligation to obedience only within
the sphere of the rationally delimited authority which, in terms of the
order, has been conferred upon him.

The following may thus be said to be the fundamental categories of
rational legal authority:—

(1) A continuous organization of official functions bound by rules.

(2) A specified sphere of competence. This involves (a) a sphere of
obligations to perform functions which has been marked off as part of
a systematic division of labour, (b) The provision of the incumbent with
the necessary authority to carry out these functions. (c) That the neces-
sary means of compulsion are clearly defined and their use is subject
to definite conditions, A unit exercising authority which is organized in
this way will be called an ‘administrative organ.’ °

There are administrative organs in this sense in large-scale private
organizations, in parties and armies, as well as in the state and the church.

§ Behérde,

 [target]:
330权力的类型和必要的协调
2法律的每一部分基本上都包含在一个统一的法律体系中
通常有意制定的抽象规则。毛皮-
因此，法律的执行被认为是由法律的适用构成的
这些规则适用于特殊情况；行政程序的合理性
追求统治国家的秩序中规定的利益
在法律规定的范围内并遵循-
可推广公式化且
按照管理集团的顺序批准，或者至少没有不批准
在里面。
三。因此，一个典型的当权者在社会中占有一个“办公室”
与他的状态相关的动作，包括他向他发出的命令
在其他人看来，他的行为受到一种非个人的秩序的约束
面向的。这不仅适用于行使法律权力的人
是通常意义上的“官员”，但是，例如，对于当选总统
一个国家，
4正如通常所说，服从权威的人是这样做的，
仅以集团“成员”的身份
遵纪守法只是“法律”。在这种关系中，他可能是法律的一员
属地公社、教会或国家公民的协会，
5根据第3点，委员会成员-
个人团体，只要他们服从一个有权威的人，就不欠债
这种服从作为一个个体对他，但对非个人的秩序。
因此，ic认为只有在内部才有服从的义务
合理界定的权力范围，在
命令，已经授予他了。
因此，以下可以说是
合理的法律权威：-
（1） 受规则约束的官方职能的连续组织。
（2） 特定的职权范围。这包括（a）一个球体
履行职责的义务
有系统的分工，（b）为在职者提供
执行这些职能的必要权力。（c） 那是必要的-
任何强制手段都有明确的定义，其使用也受到限制
在一定条件下，一个行使权力的单位
这种方式将被称为“行政机关”
这种意义上的行政机关存在于大规模的民营企业中
政党、军队、国家和教会的组织。
§贝尔德，

[page 7]
 [source]:
LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF 331

An elected president, a cabinet of ministers, or a body of elected repre-
sentatives also in this sense constitute administrative organs. This is not,
however, the place to discuss these concepts. Not every administrative
organ is provided with compulsory powers. But this distinction is not
important for present purposes. ,

(3) The organization of offices followsthe principle of hierarchy;
that is, each lower office is under the control and supervision of a higher
one. There is a right of appeal and of statement of grievances from the
lower to the higher. Hierarchies differ in respect to whether and in what
cases complaints can lead to a ruling from an authority at various points
higher in the scale, and as to whether changes are imposed from higher
up or the responsibility for such changes is left to the lower office, the
conduct of which was the subject of complaint.

(4) The rules which regulate the conduct of an office may be technical
rules or norms.” In both cases, if their application is to be fully rational,
specialized training is necessary. It is thus normally true that only a
person who has demonstrated an adequate technical training is qualified
to be a member of the administrative staff of such an organized group,
and hence only such persons are eligible for appointment to official posi-
tions. The administrative staff of a rational corporate group thus typically
consists of ‘officials,’ whether the organization be devoted to political,
religious, economic—in particular, capitalistic—or other ends.

(5) In the rational type it is a matter of principle that the members
of the administrative staff should be completely separated from owner-
ship of the means of production or administration. Officials, employees,
and workers attached to the administrative staff do not themselves own
the non-human means of production and administration. These are
rather provided for their use in kind or in money, and the official is
obligated to render an accounting of their use. There exists, further-
more, in principle complete separation of the property belonging to the
organization, which is controlled within the sphere of office, and the
personal property of the official, which is available for his own private
uses. There is a corresponding separation of the place in which official

7 Weber does not explain this distinction. By a ‘technical rule’ he probably means a
prescribed course of action which is dictated primarily on grounds touching efficiency of
the performance of the immediate functions, while by ‘norms’ he probably means rules
which limit conduct on grounds other than those of efficiency. Of course, in one sense all

rules are norms in that they are prescriptions for conduct, conformity with which is
problematical,—Ep.

 [target]:
具有官僚行政人员的法律权威331
民选总统、部长内阁或民选代表团-
量词在这个意义上也构成行政机关。这不是，
然而，讨论这些概念的地方。不是所有的行政
机关具有强制权。但这种区别并不重要
就目前而言很重要。,
（3） 办事处的组织遵循等级原则；
也就是说，每一个下级机关都受到上级机关的控制和监督
一个。有权向法院提出上诉和申诉
从低到高。层次结构在是否和在什么方面有所不同
案件投诉可以导致当局在不同的时候作出裁决
更高的尺度，以及是否从更高的角度强加变化
上一级或下一级负责此类变更
他们的行为受到了投诉。
（4） 规范办公室行为的规则可能是技术性的
在这两种情况下，如果它们的应用是完全合理的，
专业培训是必要的。因此，通常只有
经过充分技术培训的人员是合格的
成为这样一个有组织的团体的行政人员，
因此，只有这些人才有资格被任命为官方职位-
是的。因此，理性公司集团的管理人员
由“官员”组成，无论组织是否致力于政治，
宗教的，特别是经济的，资本主义的或其他目的的。
（5） 在理性类型中，成员
管理人员的职责应与业主完全分离-
生产或管理工具的船。官员，员工，
而附属于行政工作人员的职工自己并不拥有
非人类的生产和管理手段。这些是
而是以实物或金钱的形式提供给他们使用，而官方
有义务对其使用情况进行说明。还有，更进一步-
更重要的是，原则上完全分离财产属于
控制在职权范围内的组织，以及
官员的私人财产，可供其私人使用
使用。官员所在地也有相应的分离
韦伯没有解释这种区别。他说的“技术规则”可能是指
规定的行动过程，主要是以影响效率为理由的
直接功能的执行，而“规范”可能指规则
以效率以外的理由限制行为。当然，从某种意义上说
规则是规范，因为它们是对行为的规定，遵守这些规定是必要的
有问题，-Ep。

[page 8]
 [source]:
332 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

functions are carried out, the ‘office’ in the sense of premises, from living
quarters.

(6) In the rational type case, there is also a complete absence of appro-
priation of his official position by the incumbent. Where ‘rights’ to an
office exist, as in the case of judges, and recently of an increasing propor-
tion of officials and even of workers, they do not normally serve the pur-
pose of appropriation by the official, but of securing the purely objective
and independent character of the conduct of the office so that it is oriented
only to the relevant norms.

(7) Administrative acts, decisions, and rules are formulated and re-
corded in writing, even in cases where oral discussion is the rule or is
even mandatory. This applies at least to preliminary discussions and
proposals, to final decisions, and to all sorts of orders and rules. The
combination of written documents and a continuous organization of
official functions constitutes the ‘office’ ® which is the central focus of all
types of modern corporate action.

(8) Legal authority can be exercised in a wide variety of different
forms which will be distinguished and discussed later. The following
analysis will be deliberately confined for the most part to the aspect of
imperative co-ordination in the structure of the administrative staff. It
will consist in an analysis in terms of ideal types of officialdom or
‘bureaucracy.’

In the above outline no mention has been made of the kind of supreme
head appropriate to a system of legal authority. This is a consequence of
certain considerations which can only be made entirely understandable at
a later stage in the analysis. There are very important types of rational
imperative co-ordination which, with respect to the ultimate source of
authority, belong to other categories. This is true of the hereditary
charismatic type, as illustrated by hereditary monarchy and of the pure
charismatic type of a president chosen by plebiscite. Other cases involve
rational elements at important points, but are made up of a combination

8 Bureau. It has seemed necessary to use the English word ‘office’ in three different
meanings, which are distinguished in Weber’s discussion by at least two terms. The first
is Amt, which means ‘office’ in the sense of the institutionally defined status of a person.
The second is the ‘work premises’ as in the expression ‘he spent the afternoon in his office.’
For this Weber uses Bureau as also for the third meaning which he has just defined, the
‘organized work process of a group.’ In this last sense an office is a particular type of
‘organization, or Betneb in Weber's sense. This use is established in English in such

expressions as ‘the District Attorney's Office has such and such functions.’ Which of the
three meanings is involved in a given case will generally be clear from the context.—-Ep.

 [target]:
332权力的类型和必要的协调
功能是执行的，“办公室”的意义上的前提，从生活
住处。
（6） 在rational类型的情况下，也完全没有appro-
现任者对他的官职的掠夺。“权利”在哪里
办公室的存在，如法官的情况，最近的比例越来越大-
对于官员，甚至工人来说，他们通常不为人民服务-
官方拨款的姿态，但纯粹是为了确保目标
以及办公室行为的独立性，使其具有导向性
只符合相关规范。
（7） 行政行为、行政决定和行政规则的制定和重新制定-
以书面形式记录，即使口头讨论是常规或必要的
甚至是强制性的。这至少适用于初步讨论和讨论
建议，最终决定，各种命令和规则。这个
书面文件和连续组织
官方职能构成“办公室”，这是所有工作的中心
现代公司行为的类型。
（8） 法律权威可以在各种不同的领域行使
稍后将加以区分和讨论的形式。以下
分析将在很大程度上有意局限于
行政人员结构的必要协调。它
将包含在对理想的官场类型的分析中
“官僚主义。”
在上面的提纲中没有提到那种至高无上的
与法律权威体系相适应的头。这是由于
某些考虑因素只能在一开始就完全理解
分析的后期阶段。有非常重要的类型的理性
必要的协调
权威，属于其他范畴。这是真正的世袭
有魅力的类型，如世袭君主制和纯君主制
通过公民投票选出的有魅力的总统。其他案件涉及
理性的元素在重要的点上，但都是由组合而成的
8局。似乎有必要在三种不同的语言中使用英语单词office
在韦伯的讨论中，至少用两个术语来区分意思。第一个
是Amt，意思是“办公室”，从制度上定义一个人的地位。
第二个是“工作场所”，如“他在办公室里度过了一个下午”
对于这个韦伯使用局也为第三个含义，他刚刚定义，局
“团队有组织的工作过程。”在最后一种意义上，办公室是一种特殊类型的工作
“组织，或者韦伯意义上的Betneb。这种用法在英语中是这样确定的
“地方检察官办公室有这样或那样的职能。”以下哪种说法
在一个给定的案例中，三种含义通常会从上下文中清晰可见。

[page 9]
 [source]:
LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF 333

of bureaucratic and charismatic components, as is true of the cabinet
form of government. Still others are subject to the authority of the chief
of other corporate groups, whether their character be charismatic or
bureaucratic; thus the formal head of a government department under
a parliamentary regime may be a minister who occupies his position
because of his authority in a party. The type of rational, legal adminis-
trative staff is capable of application in all kinds of situations and con-
texts, It is the most important mechanism for the administration of
everyday profane affairs. For in that sphere, the exercise of authority
and, more broadly, imperative co-ordination, consists precisely in admin-
istration.

4: Lecat AutHority: THe Pure Tyre wit EMpLloyMENT OF A
Bureaucratic ADMINISTRATIVE StarF—(Continued)

The purest type of exercise of legal authority is that which employs
a bureaucratic administrative staff. Only the supreme chief of the organi-
zation occupies his position of authority by virtue of appropriation, of
election, or of having been designated for the succession. But even his
authority consists in a sphere of legal ‘competence.’ The whole adminis-
trative staff under the supreme authority then consists, in the purest
type, of individual officials who are appointed and function according
to the following criteria: ®

(1) They are personally free and subject to authority only with
respect to their impersonal official obligations.

(2) They are organized in a clearly defined hierarchy of offices.

(3) Each office has a clearly defined sphere of competence in the
legal sense.

(4) The office is filled by a free contractual relationship. Thus, in
principle, there is free selection.

(5) Candidates are selected on the basis of technical qualifications. In
the most rational case, this is tested by examination or guaranteed by
diplomas certifying technical training, or both. They are appointed, not
elected.

(6) They are remunerated by fixed salaries in money, for the most
part with a right to pensions. Only under certain circumstances does
the employing authority, especially in private organizations, have a

9 This characterization applies to the ‘monocratic’ as opposed to the ‘collegial’ type, which
will be discussed below.

 [target]:
具有官僚行政人员的法律权威333
官僚主义和魅力的组成部分，内阁也是如此
政府形式。还有一些是服从首长的权威
其他公司集团，无论他们的性格是否有魅力
官僚主义的；因此政府部门的正式领导
议会政权可以是占据其职位的部长
因为他在党内的权威。理性的、合法的管理者-
行政人员能够在各种情况下运用，并且-
文本，是最重要的行政管理机制
日常琐事。因为在这个领域，权力的行使
更广泛地说，必要的协调恰恰在于管理-
脱水。
4： 莱卡特权威：纯轮胎
官僚行政标准（续）
行使法律权力的最纯粹的方式是
官僚行政人员。只有奥加纳的最高首领-
他凭借拨款而占据了权力的位置
选举，或被指定继承。但即使是他的
权威存在于法律“权限”的范围内。整个管理者-
在最高权力下的权威性的职员，在最纯粹的
任命和行使职务的官员的类型
符合以下标准：®
（1） 他们个人是自由的，只服从权威
尊重他们非个人的官方义务。
（2） 他们被组织在一个明确定义的办公室层次结构中。
（3） 每个办事处在这方面都有明确界定的职权范围
法律意识。
（4） 这个办公室由一个自由的合同关系来填补。因此，在
原则上，有自由选择。
（5） 候选人是根据技术资格选出的。在
最合理的情况是，这是通过检查来检验的，或是由法律来保证的
技术培训文凭，或两者兼有。他们是被任命的，不是
选举。
（6） 他们的报酬最多的是固定的货币工资
放弃领取养老金的权利。只有在某些情况下才会这样
雇佣当局，特别是在私人组织中，有一个
9这一特征适用于“独裁者”而不是“合议”类型，后者
将在下面讨论。

[page 10]
 [source]:
334 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

right to terminate the appointment, but the official is always free to
resign. The salary scale is primarily graded according to rank in the
hierarchy; but in addition to this criterion, the responsibility of the posi-
tion and the requirements of the incumbent's social status may be taken
into account.’°

(7) The office is treated as the sole, or at least the primary, occupation
of the incumbent.

(8) It constitutes a career. There is a system of ‘promotion’ according
to seniority or to achievement, or both. Promotion is dependent on the
judgment of superiors.

(9) The official works entirely separated from ownership of the means
of administration and without appropriation of his position.

(10) He is subject to strict and systematic discipline and control in
the conduct of the office.

This type of organization is in principle applicable with equal facility
to a wide variety of different fields, It may be applied in profit-making
business or in charitable organizations, or in any number of other types
of private enterprises serving ideal or material ends. It is equally appli-
cable to political and to religious organizations. With varying degrees of
approximation to a pure type, its historical existence can be demonstrated
in all these fields.

1. For example, this type of bureaucracy is found in private clinics, as
well as in endowed hospitals or the hospitals maintained by religious
orders, Bureaucratic organization has played a major role in the Catholic
Church, It is well illustrated by the administrative role of the priesthood *
in the modern church, which has expropriated almost all of the old
church benefices, which were in former days to a large extent subject to
private appropriation. It is also illustrated by the conception of the uni-
versal Episcopate, which is thought of as formally constituting a universal
legal competence in religious matters. Similarily, the doctrine of Papal
infallibility is thought of as in fact involving a universal competence,
but only one which functions ‘ex cathedra’ in the sphere of the office,
thus implying the typical distinction between the sphere of office and
that of the private affairs of the incumbent. The same phenomena are
found in the large-scale capitalistic enterprise; and the larger it is, the
greater their role. And this is not less true of political parties, which will
be discussed separately. Finally, the modern army is essentially a bureau-

10 See below, chap. iv.
11 Kaplanokratie.

 [target]:
334权力的类型和必要的协调
有权终止任命，但官员随时可以
辞职。薪级表基本上是按职级划分的
但是除了这个标准，posi的责任-
可考虑对在职者的社会地位的限制和要求
“考虑到”
（7） 办公室被视为唯一或至少是主要的职业
现任总统的职位。
（8） 它构成了一种职业。有一个“晋升”制度
资历或成就，或两者兼而有之。晋升取决于
上级的判断。
（9） 官方作品完全脱离了手段的所有权
不占用他的职位。
（10） 他在工作中受到严格而系统的纪律和控制
办公室的行为。
这类组织原则上适用于同等条件
它适用于各种不同的领域，也可用于营利
商业或慈善组织，或任何其他类型
指为理想或物质目的服务的私营企业。它同样适用于-
向政治和宗教组织发送电报。不同程度的
近似于一个纯类型，它的历史存在性可以证明
在所有这些领域。
1例如，这种官僚主义存在于私人诊所，如
以及在捐赠的医院或由宗教机构管理的医院
政令、官僚组织在天主教中发挥了重要作用
教会，它是很好地说明了行政作用的祭司*
在现代教堂里，几乎所有的旧教堂都被没收了
教堂的慈善活动，在过去很大程度上受到
私人拨款。统一的概念也说明了这一点-
多面体主教，被认为是正式构成一个普遍的
宗教事务的法律权限。同样，教皇的教义
无误被认为是事实上涉及到一种普遍的能力，
但只有一个在办公室里是“前大教堂”的，
这意味着职权范围和
现任者的私事。同样的现象也存在
存在于大型资本主义企业中；规模越大
发挥更大的作用。政党也是如此，他们将
另行讨论。最后，现代军队本质上是一个局-
10见下文，第四章。
11卡普拉诺克拉梯。

[page 11]
 [source]:
LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF 335

cratic organization administered by that peculiar type of military func-
tionary, the ‘officer’

2. Bureaucratic authority is carried out in its purest form where it is
most clearly dominated by the principle of appointment. There is no
such thing as a hierarchy of elected officials in the same sense as there
is a hierarchical organization of appointed officials. In the first place,
election makes it impossible to attain a stringency of discipline even ap-
proaching that in the appointed type. For it is open to a subordinate
official to compete for elective honours on the same terms as his superiors,
and his prospects are not dependent on the superior’s judgment.”

3 Appointment by free contract, which makes free selection possible,
is essential to modern bureaucracy. Where there is a hierarchical organi-
zation with impersonal spheres of competence, but occupied by unfree
officials—like slaves or dependents, who, however, function in a formally
bureaucratic manner—the term ‘patrimonial bureaucracy’ will be used.

4. The role of technical qualifications in bureaucratic organizations
is continually increasing. Even an official in a party or a trade-union
organization is in need of specialized knowledge, though it is usually
of an empirical character, developed by experience, rather than by formal
training. In the modern state, the only ‘offices’ for which no technical
qualifications are required are those of ministers and presidents. This
only goes to prove that they are ‘officials’ only in a formal sense, and
not substantively, as is true of the managing director or president of a
large business corporation. There is no question but that the ‘position’
of the capitalistic entrepreneur is as definitely appropriated as is that
of a monarch. Thus at the top of a bureaucratic organization, there is
necessarily an element which is at least not purely bureaucratic. The
category of bureaucracy is one applying only to the exercise of control
by means of a particular kind of administrative staff.

5. The bureaucratic official normally receives a fixed salary. By con-
trast, sources of income which are privately appropriated will be called
‘benefices.’** Bureaucratic salaries are also normally paid in money.
Though this is not essential to the concept of bureaucracy, it is the ar-
rangement which best fits the pure type. Payments in kind are apt to have
the character of benefices, and the receipt of a benefice normally implies
the appropriation of opportunities for earnings and of positions. There
are, however, gradual transitions in this field with many intermediate

12 Qn elective officials, see below, sec. 14.
18 Pfriinden. On this concept, sec below, sec. 7.—Ep.

 [target]:
具有官僚行政人员的法律权威335
由那种特殊的军事职能管理的官僚组织-
“军官”
2官僚主义权威是以最纯粹的形式进行的
最明显的是任命原则。根本没有
选举产生的官员的等级制度，在同样的意义上
是由任命的官员组成的等级组织。首先，
选举使纪律严明成为不可能-
在指定的类型中探索。因为它是对下属开放的
以与上级相同的条件竞争选举产生的荣誉，
他的前途并不取决于上级的判断。”
三自由合同约定，可以自由选择，
是现代官僚主义必不可少的。有等级组织的地方-
有非个人的能力范围，但被不自由的人占据
官员们喜欢奴隶或家属，但他们的职能是正式的
官僚主义方式将使用“传统官僚主义”一词。
4技术资格在官僚机构中的作用
不断增加。甚至是一个政党或工会的官员
组织需要专业知识，尽管通常是这样
经验主义的具有经验主义特征的，由经验而不是形式发展的
培训。在现代国家，唯一没有技术支持的“办公室”
部长和总统的资格是必需的。这个
只是为了证明他们只是正式意义上的“官员”，而且
不是实质性的，比如公司的总经理或总裁
大型商业公司。毫无疑问，这个“位置”
对资本主义企业家的评价也确实如此
君主的。因此，在一个官僚机构的高层，有
一定是一个因素，至少不是纯粹的官僚。这个
官僚主义的范畴只适用于控制权的行使
通过一种特殊的管理人员。
5官僚官员通常领取固定工资。通过欺骗-
相反，私人占有的收入来源将被称为
“福利”。**官僚的薪水通常也是用金钱支付的。
尽管这对官僚制的概念来说并不是必要的，但它是ar-
最适合纯类型的范围。实物支付往往会产生
受益人的性质，以及受益人的接收通常意味着
分配获得收入和职位的机会。在那里
然而，这一领域的过渡是渐进的，有许多中间环节
12 Qn选任官员，见下文，第。14
18普夫林登。关于这个概念，下面第二节，第二节。7.-Ep。

[page 12]
 [source]:
336 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

types. Appropriation by virtue of leasing or sale of offices or the pledge
of income from office are phenomena foreign to the pure type of bureauc-
racy.

6. ‘Offices’ which do not constitute the incumbent’s principal occupa-
tion, in particular ‘honorary’ offices, belong in other categories, which will
be discussed later.* The typical ‘bureaucratic’ official occupies the office as
his principal occupation.

7. With respect to the separation of the official from ownership of
the means of administration, the situation is essentially the same in the
field of public administration and in private bureaucratic organizations,
such as the large-scale capitalistic enterprise.

8. Collegial bodies will be discussed separately below.*® At the present
time they are rapidly decreasing in importance in favour of types of
organization which are in fact, and for the most part formally as well,
subject to the authority of a single head. For instance, the collegial
‘governments’ in Prussia have long since given way to the monocratic
‘district president.’*® The decisive factor in this development has been
the need for rapid, clear decisions, free of the necessity of compromise
between different opinions and also free of shifting majorities.

g. The modern army officer is a type of appointed official who is
clearly marked off by certain class distinctions. This will be discussed
elsewhere.” In this respect such officers differ radically from elected
military leaders, from charismatic condottieri,* from the type of officers
who recruit and lead mercenary armies as a capitalistic enterprise, and,
finally, from the incumbents of commissions which have been pur-
chased.’* There may be gradual transitions between these types. The patri-
monial ‘retainer,’ who is separated from the means of carrying out his
function, and the proprietor of a mercenary army for capitalistic purposes
have, along with the private capitalistic entrepreneur, been pioneers in the
organization of the modern type of bureaucracy. This will be discussed
in detail below.”

14 See below, sec. 14.

18 See sec. 15.

16 Regierungs président,

27 See chap. iv. As has already been remarked, chap. iv was left incomplete and the
part which ts available contains no discussion of this subyect.—Eb.

18 See sec. 10,

19 See sec. 8,

20 The parts of Weber's work included in this translation contain only fragmentary dis-

cussions of military organization. It was a subyect in which Weber was greatly interested
and to which he attributed great importance for social phenomena generally. This factor

 [target]:
336权力的类型和必要的协调
类型。因出租或出售办公室或质押而占用
办公室收入的减少是纯办公室类型所不存在的现象-
活泼。
6不构成在职者主要职业的“办公室”-
特别是“荣誉”职位属于其他类别，这将
稍后再讨论。*典型的“官僚主义”官员作为
他的主要职业。
7关于官员与国家所有权的分离
行政手段、情况在本质上是一样的
公共行政领域和私人官僚机构，
比如大型资本主义企业。
8合议庭目前将在下文单独讨论
随着时间的推移，它们的重要性正在迅速下降，而倾向于
实际上，在很大程度上也是正式的，
服从于一个首领的权威。例如，学院
普鲁士的“政府”早就让位给了独裁者
“地区主席”。*？这一发展的决定性因素是
需要迅速、明确的决定，不需要妥协
在不同意见之间，也不受多数意见的影响。
g、 现代军官是一种被任命的官员
明显地被某些阶级区别所区分。我们将对此进行讨论
在这方面，这类官员与民选官员截然不同
军事领导人，从有魅力的康多蒂里，*从军官类型
作为资本主义企业招募和领导雇佣军，
最后，从委员会的现任者-
在这些类型之间可能有逐渐的过渡。帕特里-
他是从执行任务的手段中分离出来的
为资本主义目的雇佣军队的所有者
与私人资本企业家一样，他们是世界经济的先驱
现代官僚机构的组织。我们将对此进行讨论
详情如下。”
14见下文，第。14
18见第。15
16个地区，
27见第四章。如前所述，第四章不完整，第二章也不完整
ts可用部分不包含本子条款的讨论。-Eb。
18见第。10,
19见第。8,
20韦伯的部分作品包括在这个翻译只包含零碎的dis-
军事组织的影响。这是韦伯非常感兴趣的一个主题
他把这一点归结为社会现象的重要性。这个因素

[page 13]
 [source]:
LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF 337

5: THE Monocratic Type or Bureaucratic ADMINISTRATION

Experience tends universally to show that the purely bureaucratic
type of administrative organization—that is, the monocratic variety of
bureaucracy—is, from a purely technical point of view, capable of at-
taining the highest degree of efficiency and is in this sense formally the
most rational known means of carrying out imperative control over
human beings. It is superior to any other form in precision, in stability,
in the stringency of its discipline, and in its reliability. It thus makes
possible a particularly high degree of calculability of results for the heads
of the organization and for those acting in relation to it. It is finally
superior both in intensive efficiency and in the scope of its operations, and
is formally capable of application to all kinds of administrative tasks.

The development of the modern form of the organization of corporate
groups in all fields is nothing less than identical with the development
and continual spread of bureaucratic administration. This is true of church
and state, of armies, political parties, economic enterprises, organizations
to promote all kinds of causes, private associations, clubs, and many others.
Its development is, to take the most striking case, the most crucial phe-
nomenon of the modern Western state. However many forms there may
be which do not appear to fit this pattern, such as collegial representative
bodies, parliamentary committees, soviets, honorary officers, lay judges,
and what not, and however much people may complain about the ‘evils
of bureaucracy,’ it would be sheer illusion to think for a moment that
continuous administrative work can be carried out in any field except
by means of officials working in offices. The whole pattern of everyday
life is cut to fit this framework. For bureaucratic administration is, other
things being equal, always, from a formal, technical point of view, the
most rational type. For the needs of mass administration to-day, it is
completely indispensable. The choice is only that between bureaucracy
and dilletantism in the field of administration.

The primary source of the superiority of bureaucratic administration
lies in the role of technical knowledge which, through the development
of modern technology and business methods in the production of goods,
has become completely indispensable. In this respect, it makes no differ-
is one on which, for the ancient world, he laid great stress in his important study,
Agrarverhiltnisse im Altertum, Though at various points in the rest of Wartschaft und

Gesellschaft the subject comes up, it is probable that he intended to treat it systematically
but that this was never done.—Ep,

 [target]:
具有官僚行政人员的法律权威337
5： 独裁式的或官僚式的管理
经验往往普遍表明，纯粹的官僚主义
行政组织的类型，即行政组织的单一种类
从纯技术的角度来看，官僚机构能够-
获得最高程度的效率，在这个意义上是正式的
执行命令控制的最合理的已知方法
人类。它在精度、稳定性上优于其他任何形式，
在严格的纪律和可靠性。因此，它使
可能是头部结果的高度可计算性
以及与之相关的人。终于到了
在集约效率和经营范围上都具有优势，以及
正式能够应用于各种管理任务。
现代企业组织形式的发展
各个领域的群体都是同一发展的
官僚行政的不断蔓延。教会也是如此
国家，军队，政党，经济企业，组织
促进各种事业，私人协会，俱乐部，和许多其他。
以最引人注目的例子来说，它的发展是最关键的-
现代西方国家的诺门农。不管有多少种形式
不符合这一模式的，如合议庭代表
机构，议会委员会，苏联人，荣誉官员，非专业法官，
不管有多少人抱怨“邪恶”，又有什么不好呢
对于官僚主义来说，如果有那么一刻认为
连续的行政工作可以在任何领域进行，除了
通过在办公室工作的官员。日常生活的全部模式
生活就是为了适应这个框架。因为官僚主义行政是另一回事
事物总是平等的，从形式上，技术上来看
最理性的类型。对于今天的群众管理的需要，它是
完全不可或缺。我们只能在官僚体制之间做出选择
以及行政领域的迪莱坦提斯主义。
官僚行政优越性的根源
在于技术知识的作用其中，通过发展
商品生产中的现代技术和商业方法，
已经变得完全不可或缺了。在这方面，没有区别-
对于古代世界来说，他非常重视他的重要研究，
Agrarverhiltnisse im Altertum，尽管在瓦特沙夫特和瓦特沙夫特的其他地方有不同的位置
在谈到这个问题时，他很可能打算系统地对待这个问题
但这从来没有发生过。-呃，

[page 14]
 [source]:
338 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

ence whether the economic system is organized on a capitalistic or a
socialistic basis. Indeed, if in the latter case a comparable level of technical
efficiency were to be achieved, it would mean a tremendous increase in
the importance of specialized bureaucracy.

When those subject to bureaucratic control seek to escape the influence
of the existing bureaucratic apparatus, this is normally possible only by
creating an organization of their own which is equally subject to the
process of bureaucratization. Similarly the existing bureaucratic apparatus
is driven to continue functioning by the most powerful interests which
are material and objective, but also ideal in character. Without it, a
society like our own—with a separation of officials, employees, and
workers from ownership of the means of administration, dependent on
discipline and on technical training—could no longer function. The
only exception would be those groups, such as the peasantry, who are
still in possession of their own means of subsistence. Even in case of
revolution by force or of occupation by an enemy, the bureaucratic
machinery will normally continue to function just as it has for the previ-
ous legal government.

The question is always who controls the existing bureaucratic ma-
chinery. And such control is possible only in a very limited degree to
persons who are not technical specialists, Generally speaking, the trained
permanent official is more likely to get his way in the long run than his
nominal superior, the Cabinet minister, who is not a specialist.

Though by no means alone, the capitalistic system has undeniably
played a major role in the development of bureaucracy. Indeed, without
it capitalistic production could not continue and any rational type of
socialism would have simply to take it over and increase its importance.
Its development, largely under capitalistic auspices, has created an urgent
need for stable, strict, intensive, and calculable administration. It is this
need which gives bureaucracy a crucial role in our society as the central
element in any kind of large-scale administration. Only by reversion in
every field—political, religious, economic, etc.—to small-scale organization
would it be possible to any considerable extent to escape its influence. On
the one hand, capitalism in its modern stages of development strongly
tends to foster the development of bureaucracy, though both capitalism
and bureaucracy have arisen from many different historical sources. Con-
versely, capitalism is the most rational economic basis for bureaucratic
administration and enables it to develop in the most rational form, espe-

 [target]:
338权力的类型和必要的协调
不管经济体系是以资本主义还是资本主义的方式组织起来的
社会主义基础。事实上，如果在后一种情况下
如果要达到效率，就意味着收入的大幅增加
专业官僚机构的重要性。
当那些受官僚控制的人试图逃避影响时
在现有的官僚机构中，这通常只有通过
建立一个自己的组织，同样服从
官僚化的过程。同样，现存的官僚机构
被最强大的利益集团驱使
既有物质性和客观性，又有理想性。没有它，一个
像我们这样的社会，官、工、职分离
劳动者从所有权到行政手段，依附于
纪律和技术培训已无法发挥作用。这个
唯一的例外是那些群体，比如农民，他们
仍然拥有自己的生活资料。即使是在
武力革命或被敌人占领的革命，官僚主义者
正常情况下，机器将继续像以前一样工作-
我们的合法政府。
问题总是谁控制着现存的官僚体制-
中国。而这种控制只能在非常有限的程度上实现
不是技术专家的人，一般来说是受过训练的人
从长远来看，这位常任官员比他的上司更有可能得逞
名义上的上级，内阁部长，不是专家。
不可否认的是，资本主义制度并非孤军奋战
在官僚主义的发展中起了重要作用。的确，没有
它使资本主义生产无法继续，任何理性的生产方式都无法继续
社会主义只需接管它，增加它的重要性。
它的发展，很大程度上是在资本主义的支持下，产生了一个紧迫的问题
需要稳定、严格、密集和可计算的管理。就是这个
这种需要使官僚制度在我们这个以社会为中心的社会中发挥了至关重要的作用
任何一种大规模管理的要素。只有在
政治、宗教、经济等各个领域——小规模组织
是否有可能在相当大的程度上摆脱它的影响。在
一方面，资本主义在其现代发展阶段表现得很强烈
倾向于促进官僚主义的发展，尽管两者都是资本主义
官僚主义产生于许多不同的历史根源。Con公司-
相反，资本主义是官僚政治最合理的经济基础
使之以最合理的形式发展，特别是-

[page 15]
 [source]:
LEGAL AUTHORITY WITH A BUREAUCRATIC ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF 339

cially because, from a fiscal point of view, it supplies the necessary money
resources.

Along with these fiscal conditions of efficient bureaucratic administra-
tion, there are certain extremely important conditions in the fields of
communication and transportation. The precision of its functioning re-
quires the services of the railway, the telegraph, and the telephone, and
becomes increasingly dependent on them. A socialistic form of organiza-
tion would not alter this fact. It would be a question whether in a social-
istic system it would be possible to provide conditions for carrying out
as stringent bureaucratic organization as has been possible in a capital-
istic order. For socialism would, in fact, require a still higher degree of
formal bureaucratization than capitalism. If this should prove not to be
possible, it would demonstrate the existence of another of those funda-
mental elements of irrationality in™social systems—a conflict between
formal and substantive rationality of the sort which sociology so often
encounters. .

Bureaucratic administration means fundamentally the exercise of con-
trol on the basis of knowledge. This is the feature of it which makes
it specifically rational. This consists on the one hand in technical knowl-
edge which, by itself, is sufficient to ensure it a position of extraordinary
power. But in addition to this, bureaucratic organizations, or the holders
of power who make use of them, have the tendency to increase their
power still further by the knowledge growing out of experience in the
service. For they acquire through the conduct of office a special knowl-
edge of facts and have available a store of documentary material peculiar
to themselves, While not peculiar to bureaucratic organizations, the con-
cept of ‘official secrets’ is certainly typical of them. It stands in relation
to technical knowledge in somewhat the same position as commercial
secrets do to technological training. It is a product of the striving for
power.

Bureaucracy is superior in knowledge, including both technical knowl-
edge and knowledge of the concrete fact within its own sphere of interest,
which is usually confined to the interests of a private business—a capital-
istic enterprise. The capitalistic entrepreneur is, in our society, the only
type who has been able to maintain at least relative immunity from
subjection to the control of rational bureaucratic knowledge. All the rest
of the population have tended to be organized in large-scale corporate
groups which are inevitably subject to bureaucratic control. This is as

 [target]:
具有官僚行政人员的法律权威339
主要是因为，从财政的角度来看，它提供了必要的资金
资源。
伴随着这些高效官僚行政的财政状况-
但是，在这一领域，有一些极其重要的条件
交通运输。其功能的精确性-
要求铁路、电报和电话的服务，以及
越来越依赖他们。社会主义的组织形式-
但这并不能改变这一事实。这将是一个问题，是否在一个社会-
它将有可能为执行提供条件
在首都尽可能严格的官僚组织-
自相矛盾的秩序。因为社会主义实际上需要更高程度的民主
正式官僚化比资本主义更重要。如果事实证明不是这样的话
可能的话，它会证明另一个基金的存在-
大学生非理性的心理因素™社会制度——两者之间的冲突
社会学经常使用的那种形式和实质的理性
遭遇。
官僚主义行政从根本上说就是行使权力-
以知识为基础进行控制。这就是它的特点
它特别合理。这一方面包括技术知识-
其本身足以确保其地位非凡
权力。但除此之外，官僚机构，或持有人
利用权力的人，有增加权力的倾向
权力还进一步由知识成长而来的经验
服务。因为他们通过任职获得了特殊的知识-
并备有大量文献资料
对他们自己来说，虽然不是官僚组织所特有的，但是-
“官方机密”当然是其中的典型。它是相关的
技术知识与商业知识处于某种相同的地位
技术培训的秘密。它是人类为生存而奋斗的产物
权力。
官僚主义在知识上是优越的，包括技术知识和政治知识-
在自己的兴趣范围内对具体事实的边缘和知识，
这通常仅限于私人企业的利益——资本-
企业主义。在我们的社会中，资本主义企业家是唯一
至少能保持相对免疫力的人
服从于理性官僚知识的控制。所有其他的
大多数人都倾向于以大规模的公司形式组织起来
不可避免地受到官僚控制的群体。这就像

[page 16]
 [source]:
340 THE TYPES OF AUTHORITY AND IMPERATIVE CO-ORDINATION

inevitable as the dominance of precision machinery in the mass produc-
tion of goods. :

The following are the principal more general social consequences of
bureaucratic control :—

(1) The tendency to ‘levelling’ in the interest of the broadest possible
basis of recruitment in terms of technical competence.

(2) The tendency to plutocracy growing out of the interest in the
greatest possible length of technical training. To-day this often lasts up
to the age of thirty.

(3) The dominance of a spirit of formalistic impersonality, ‘Sine ira
et studio,’ without hatred or passion, and hence without affection or en-
thusiasm. The dominant norms are concepts of straightforward duty
without regard to personal considerations. Everyone is subject to formal
equality of treatment; that is, everyone in the same empirical situation.
This is the spirit in which the ideal official conducts his office.

The development of bureaucracy greatly favours the levelling of social
classes and this can be shown historically to be the normal tendency.
Conversely, every process of social levelling creates a favourable situation
for the development of bureaucracy; for it tends to eliminate class
privileges, which include the appropriation of means of administration
and the appropriation of authority as well as the occupation of offices
on an honorary basis or as an avocation by virtue of wealth. This com-
bination everywhere inevitably foreshadows the development of mass
democracy, which will be discussed in another connexion.

‘The ‘spirit’ of rational bureaucracy has normally the following general
characteristics:

(1) Formalism, which is promoted by all the interests which are con-
cerned with the security of their own personal situation, whatever this
may consist in. Otherwise the door would be open to arbitrariness and
hence formalism is the line of least resistance.

(2) There is another tendency, which is apparently in contradiction to
the above, a contradiction which is in part genuine. It is the tendency
of officials to treat their official function from what is substantively a
utilitarian point of view in the interest of the welfare of those under
their authority. But this utilitarian tendency is generally expressed in
the enactment of corresponding regulatory measures which themselves
have a formal character and tend to be treated in a formalistic spirit.*
This tendency to substantive rationality is supported by all those subiect

21 This will be further discussed in the Sociology of Law.

 [target]:
340权力的类型和必要的协调
随着精密机械在大批量生产中的主导地位-
货物的运输。:
以下是最主要的更普遍的社会后果
官僚控制：-
（1） 为了尽可能广泛的利益而“平抑”的趋势
技术能力方面的招聘基础。
（2） 出于对社会的兴趣而产生的富豪统治倾向
尽可能长的技术培训。今天这种情况经常持续到晚上
到了三十岁。
（3） “形式主义非个人主义精神的主导地位。”
没有仇恨和激情，因此也就没有感情和激情-
修道主义。主导准则是直接责任的概念
不考虑个人因素。每个人都要接受正规教育
平等待遇；也就是说，每个人都处于相同的经验情境中。
这就是理想官员的处事精神。
官僚主义的发展极有利于社会公平
从历史上看，这是一种正常的趋势。
相反，每一个社会均衡的过程都创造了有利的局面
为了官僚制度的发展；因为它倾向于消灭阶级
特权，包括行政手段的分配
以及权力的分配和职位的占用
以名誉为基础或以财富为副业。这个com-
四海并用必然预示着物质文明的发展
民主，这将在另一个会议上讨论。
“理性官僚制的‘精神’通常具有以下一般特征：
特点：
（1） 形式主义，它是由所有的利益所推动的-
担心自己的个人安全，不管这是什么
可能存在于。否则，这扇门就会被任意性和
因此，形式主义是阻力最小的路线。
（2） 还有另一种趋势，显然与
上述矛盾在一定程度上是真实的。这是一种趋势
从实质上看官员对待自己的职务
功利主义的观点是为了那些受压迫者的福利
他们的权威。但这种功利主义倾向一般表现在
制定相应的监管措施
有一个正式的性质，并倾向于在一个形式主义的精神对待*
所有这些子条款都支持这种实质理性的倾向
21这将在法律社会学中进一步讨论。

[page 17]
 [source]:
TRADITIONAL AUTHORITY 341

to authority who are not included in the class mentioned above as inter-
ested in the security of advantages already controlled. The problems
which open up at this point belong in the theory of ‘democracy.’

Ill. TRADITIONAL AUTHORITY

6: TrapitionaL AuTHOoRITY

A system of imperative co-ordination will be called ‘traditional’ if
legitimacy is claimed for it and believed in on the basis of the sanctity
of the order and the attendant powers of control as they have been
handed down from the past, ‘have always existed.’ The person or persons
exercising authority are designated according to traditionally transmitted
tules. The object of obedience is the personal authority of the individual
which he enjoys by virtue of his traditional status. The organized group
exercising authority is, in the simplest case, primarily based on relations
of personal loyalty, cultivated through a common process of education.
The person exercising authority is not a ‘superior,’ but a personal ‘chief.’

His administrative staff does not consist primarily of officials, but of
personal retainers.’* Those subject to authority are not ‘members’ of an
association, but are either his traditional ‘comrades’ or his ‘subjects.’ What
determines the relations of the administrative staff to the chief is not
the impersonai obligation of office, but personal loyalty to the chief.

Obedience is not owed to enacted rules, but to the person who occupies
a position of authority by tradition or who has been chosen for such a
position on a traditional basis. His commands are legitimized in one
of two ways: (a) partly in terms of traditions which themselves directly
determine the content of the command and the objects and extent of
authority. In so far as this is true, to overstep the traditional limitations
would endanger his traditional status by undermining acceptance of his
legitimacy. (b) In part, it is a matter of the chief's free personal decision,
in that tradition leaves a certain sphere open for this. This sphere of
traditional prerogative rests primarily on the fact that the obligations
of obedience on the basis of personal loyalty are essentially unlimited.

22 Herr. ‘

23 Diener.

24This does not seem to be a very happy formulation of the essential point. It is not

necessary that the authority of a person in such a position, such as the head of a household,
should be unlimited, It is rather that its extent is unspecified. It is generally limited by

 [target]:
传统权威341
不属于上述类别的机构-
以已经控制的优势的安全性为重。问题
在这一点上开放的属于“民主”理论
病了。传统权威
6： 宗教权威
必要的协调系统将被称为“传统”的，如果
合法性是为它而声称的，并在神圣的基础上被信仰
以及随之而来的控制权
从过去传下来的，一直存在的人
行使权力是按照传统的权力分配的
塔利斯。服从的对象是个人的个人权威
因为他的传统身份而享有的权利。有组织的团体
在最简单的情况下，行使权力主要是基于关系
通过共同的教育过程培养的个人忠诚。
行使权力的人不是“上级”，而是个人的“首长”
他的行政人员主要不是官员，而是政府官员
私人家臣，“*那些受权力支配的人不是政府的‘成员’
但不是他的传统“同志”就是他的“臣民”。什么
确定行政人员与首长的关系不是
职务上的非个人义务，但个人对酋长的忠诚。
服从不应归于制定的规则，而应归于占有者
传统上的权威地位或被选为这种职位的人
传统的立场。他的命令是合法的
有两种方式：（a）部分地从传统本身直接
确定命令的内容以及命令的对象和范围
权威。只要这是真的，就要超越传统的局限性
会破坏人们对他的认可，从而危及他的传统地位
合法性。（b） 在某种程度上，这是酋长个人自由决定的问题，
在这个传统中，有一个特定的领域是开放的。这个领域
传统的特权主要取决于义务
在个人忠诚基础上的服从本质上是无限的。
22先生。‘
23迪纳。
这似乎不是一个非常令人高兴的基本点的表述。不是的
有必要使处于这种地位的人，如户主的权威，
应该是无限的，而是它的范围是不明确的。它通常受到

